stop jokes Imperials jargons we were
come on in
let me know if you need anything or take
a seat by the fire and I'll send someone
over need something yes are you sure oh
no they found me I need your help please
come with me I need to speak to you
privately quickly come with me
so are you working with them you think
you can take me you so much as touch me
and you're going to lose fingers I mean
it I'll I'll cut you in half
so the Alec here know where I am what
did they offer you gold how many more of
them are coming tell me you can't tell
them please I need your help and there
isn't anyone I can trust here in the
city I am not the person that the people
of Whiterun think I am
my real name is Eamon I am a noble of
house sudha and Hammerfell the men who
were looking for me
the al'akir they are assassins in the
employ of the Albury Dominion they wish
to exchange my blood for gold I need you
to root them out and drive them away
before they find me and drag me back to
Hammerfell for an execution right
they're mercenaries only in it for the
money
they're led by a man named Komatsu's
just get rid of him and the rest will
scatter
I don't dare show my face unless they
recognize me so you'll have to find out
where they are I heard one of them was
just arrested trying to sneak into the
city if he's locked up in the jail props
you can get it out of him
please I know I'm asking you to do
something difficult maybe even dangerous
I just don't know who else I can trust
no sky and we fight finally the moment
the Alec are taken shovin guard beckons
every one of us dies but this land is
ours and we'll see it wiped clean